app/_static_pages/festivities.md, before:

---
title: Festivities
published: true
---








### Friday, October 28, 2016

Welcome Fiesta 3:00 - 6:00 PM

[Benchmark Brewing Company](http://www.benchmarkbrewing.com/Benchmark_Brewing_Company/ENTRY.html)  
6190 Fairmount Ave  
San Diego, CA 92120  

The groom's parents, Jim and Diane, invite all our guests to stop by anytime to grab a beer, have some tacos, and say hi to the bride and groom.

### Saturday, October 29, 2016

Ceremony starts at 4:15 PM

[Pine Hills Lodge](http://www.pinehillslodge.com/)  
2960 La Posada Way  
Julian, CA 92036

Reception to follow.

A few notes on attire. Mostly, we want you to be comfortable and ready to have fun for the evening. The wedding party will be dressed to the nines, so if we have to choose an official label for attire, let's choose somewhere in the range of dressy casual with a slight leaning towards casual. Weather permitting, the ceremony will take place outside, in the grass. At this point, your guess as to the weather forecast is as good as ours--but our guess is somewhere between warm and comfortable.

### Sunday, October 30, 2016

Brunch 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM

[Pine Hills Lodge](http://www.pinehillslodge.com/)  
2960 La Posada Way  
Julian, CA 92036

Pine Hills Lodge has Sunday brunch for $12.95. The bride and groom will make an appearance at some point!

_watch this space for maps and forecasts_

Commit message:

Updated festivities information with dress code information

app/_static_pages/festivities.md, after:

---
title: Festivities
published: true
---








### Friday, October 28, 2016

Welcome Fiesta 3:00 - 6:00 PM

[Benchmark Brewing Company](http://www.benchmarkbrewing.com/Benchmark_Brewing_Company/ENTRY.html)  
6190 Fairmount Ave  
San Diego, CA 92120  

The groom's parents, Jim and Diane, invite all our guests to stop by anytime to grab a beer, have some tacos, and say hi to the bride and groom.

### Saturday, October 29, 2016

Ceremony starts at 4:15 PM

[Pine Hills Lodge](http://www.pinehillslodge.com/)  
2960 La Posada Way  
Julian, CA 92036

Reception to follow.

A few notes on attire. Mostly, we want you to be comfortable and ready to have fun for the evening. The wedding party will be dressed to the nines, so if we have to choose an official label for the dress code, let's say somewhere in the range of semiformal to casual. Weather permitting, the ceremony will take place outside in the grass. At this point, your guess as to the weather forecast is as good as ours--but our guess is somewhere between warm and comfortable during the ceremony and cool at night.

### Sunday, October 30, 2016

Brunch 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM

[Pine Hills Lodge](http://www.pinehillslodge.com/)  
2960 La Posada Way  
Julian, CA 92036

Pine Hills Lodge has Sunday brunch for $12.95. The bride and groom will make an appearance at some point!

_watch this space for maps and forecasts_
